The President:
This week, we learned that our
economy added another 140,000
private sector jobs in November.
Despite some strong
headwinds this year,
America's economy has now
created private sector jobs for
the past 21 months in a row --
almost three million new jobs
in all, more than half a
million of them in the past
four months alone.
We need to keep this growth
going and strengthen it.
That's why we've been fighting
to pass a series of jobs bills
through Congress - bills that
independent economists say will
create more jobs and grow
the economy even faster.
Because now is the time
to step on the gas,
not slam on the brakes.
Unfortunately, too many
Republicans in Congress
don't seem to share that
same sense of urgency.
Over the last few months,
they've said "no" to most
of these jobs bills.
"No" to putting teachers and
firefighters back to work.
"No" to putting construction
workers back on the job.
And this week, they actually
said "no" to cutting taxes for
middle-class families.
You see, last year, both
parties came together to
cut payroll taxes for the
typical middle-class family
by about $1,000.
But that tax cut is set to
expire at the end of this month.
If that happens, that same
family will see its taxes
go up by $1,000.
We can't let that happen.
In fact, I think we should cut
taxes on working families and
small business owners even more.
And we're going to keep pushing
Congress to make this happen.
They shouldn't go home
for the holidays until
they get this done.
And if you agree with me,
I could use your help.
We've set up a simple tax cut
calculator on WhiteHouse.gov so
that you can see exactly what
the stakes are for your family.
Try it out.
Then let your members of
Congress know where you stand.
Tell them not to vote to raise
taxes on working Americans
during the holidays.
Tell them to put
country before party.
Put money back in the
pockets of working Americans.
Pass these tax cuts.
We're all in this together.
The more Americans succeed,
the more America succeeds.
And if we remember that and
do what it takes to keep this
economy growing and
opportunity rising,
then I'm confident that
we'll come out of this
stronger than before.